as Helen Keller said avoiding danger is
no safer in the long run than outright
exposure the fearful or Coty's often is
the bold so if you know that you're at
risk no matter what you do then you
might as well be one of the bold because
the bold are the ones that get the thing
that they're putting themselves at risk
for but if you're being timid if you're
standing back and you're still likely to
get caught called out lose fail be
embarrassed and you don't have the
potential upside then there's no
advantage to being in that state fear
baguettes fear the more that you give in
to that the less that you're willing to
be bold the less that you're willing to
step out every moment that you spend
hidden pulled back in afraid that beer
begins to magnify that fear begins to
feed itself it gets in a loop and that's
when it becomes this indomitable force
and then suddenly the very thing that
you're fighting against is simply the
overwhelming amount of fear which never
would have become overwhelming if you
had simply acted as if you were bold at
some point that's it you just have to
strike you just have to get up and take
action and it isn't that either one is
safe I'm not saying that being bold
won't come with its price it will and
that price may be extraordinary but it
would be no more extraordinary in fact
I'll say it would be less then if you
allow the fear to feed on itself because
just as the fear begins to reinforce
being
begins to reinforce one bold move stacks
on the next and suddenly as your life
progresses and you tried more things and
you fail and you learn and you get up
and you grow stronger you look back on
your life and even just 10 years ago you
can't recognize who you are that is the
process of taking risk
that's the benefit of being bold and
striking out you will adapt you will
grow in either direction do you want to
adapt to fear or do you want to adapt to
growth to change to pursuit to be bold
and as Marie Curie said we must believe
that we are gifted for something and
this thing at whatever cost must be
attained and that's how you get bold
that's how you take that first move you
choose to believe that in you is the
ability to do something and even if the
only ability you can allow yourself to
believe in is that you can learn that's
enough that's enough to give you the
impetus to take that first step to say I
don't know this now but I can learn this
and I'm going to take that first
terrifying step in the knowledge that
it's the step that educates and that
one-step teaches me something that
allows me to take step two and then
three and so on and so forth and
sometimes there might be something even
more
you might recognize and Eve something
that you're already good at something
that you can build on a strength that
you can begin to magnify and go out but
that's where all of your energy should
be on the things that you can do you can
learn you are good at you're willing to
go and push yourself to grow and get
better at that thing put all of your
energy there don't spend your time
thinking about what might go wrong
instead think about why it must happen
why does it matter to you why do you
care enough to put yourself through this
why are you stepping out why are you
being bold what is it that matters to
you once you have that thing that is the
one gift if I could just give I would
give but I can't it must be earned
you have to earn what you want you have
to know what it is you have to do the
work to find that thing that interests
to turn it into a raging inferno of must
have that thing that at no matter the
cost you're going to attain when you
have that you will find all the sudden
actions are easy what becomes hard is
stopping yourself so put yourself in
that position where momentum is the
default you've got two choices in life
choice one you can become somebody else
choice - you can become yourself now I
really wish that there was only one
choice but in truth there's not in most
people shoes to try to become someone
else because it's a road map its points
in the direction you see someone you
respond to something you admire them you
want to be like them and in that process
you've made your decision in that
process you've decided to become
somebody else you have mistaken the
finger for the moon instead you need to
understand the being inspired by
somebody does not mean to become that
person to become that which inspires you
it is to understand fundamentally what
is it about that thing that excites you
what is it what is its essence and when
you can find its essence then you can
find out how it would apply to you
becoming you and as then she says flower
does not think about competing with the
flower next to it it just blooms and
that's really your job is to see the
outside world to see the flower next to
you to understand the amazing
are happening all around you all of the
incredible people and the essence of
what they have and what it is that
they've done to bring inside yourself
and find out what does that look like
when it's me not what do I look like
when I'm them and once you understand
the difference between that then you can
really begin to be something unique you
can become that thing that you were
meant to be that thing that makes you
feel alive and whole and that's it
that's the secret you're just trying to
be something not that's just inspiring
to other people but that you actually
want to wake up every day and be and
that's the [__] thing about it
so escaping you whatever you become a
lie the truth somebody else yourself
whatever it is there's been every day of
your life there and as Albert Einstein
said everybody is a genius but if you
judge a fish by its ability to climb a
tree it will live it's whole life
believing that it's stupid and that's
what confuses people people believe that
they're done because they're not fine
their path they're not defining things
based on what excites them and what they
want to live with every day they're just
looking to what the outside world says
is good and I think it's incredible that
there are other people doing things that
are so extraordinary that we aspire to
be like that but you have to understand
the difference between being like
someone and trying to actually be them
so if what inspires you is that somebody
works hard work hard if what inspires
you is that somebody gets up every time
they fail get up every time you fail if
what you like is that they're themselves
with all their weird eccentricities and
quirks then be true to your
eccentricities and quirks but don't try
to embody their eccentricities and
quirks that's the surest way to become
the fish that thinks it's stupid because
it's being judged by trying to climb a
tree
so with Scott Belsky said when 99% of
the people doubt your idea
you're either gravely wrong or about to
make history and that's the terrifying
part you're not gonna know you're not
gonna know the difference but if you're
chasing somebody else's path if your
whole game is emulation if your whole
game is to mimic that which inspires you
you will never find the thing that's
real about you and look I don't know
about you but I can be wrong I can be
gravely wrong I can have people think me
an idiot and try something and fail as
long as it was true to me because then
the lesson that I'm gonna learn is going
to apply it's gonna take me an ever step
closer to actually being the person that
I want to become that I want to live
with every day
I can't be that if I don't understand
who I want to be so look inward identify
your path identify what excites you and
go after it as if your life depends on
it because in truth it does
[Music]